Is the seventh so auspicious?
Nonsense
Why can I have seven servants?
You are the most powerful wife of the Xuanyuan Dynasty
The sister of the current queen
Of course you can.
Queen sister
Then don't I have a big backer?
Incompetent subordinates
Let the wife of the protector be rescued
The current injury is unknown
I don't care how he is injured
I just want to know where the exquisite sword is now
It doesn't seem to be on the wife of the protector
Then don't go to the Protector's Mansion to find it.
exquisite sword
Win the world
If it falls into the hands of the emperor
He'll be the first to kill us
Remember the exquisite sword
It can only be mine.